welcome to pretty here to san
valentine and our heart hairstyle
pink are going to divide the hair in two and
later they will start from behind
forward making a match in
semicircle as seen here trying to
mark the semicircle as much as possible
this will depend a lot on the growth
of the hair the girl has or the
person who are combing
they will do the same on both sides and
with the remaining hair they are going to brush it
a little and hold it with a garter or with
a clamp this to prevent us from
hinders when we do the hairstyle and
that the leagues have to be very
stuck to the root and thus we avoid that the
loose hair get tangled
they will start taking small pieces
of hair from back to front
trying to always be the same
amount and placing the elastics what
more stuck to the root and tight
possibly they will have to give many
turns for this hairstyle you have to
Use elastic roses of small
or they can do it with red or with red and
white as you prefer
every time they take a new piece of
hair a halo with what you left over
the previous ponytail and this procedure
is going to be done up front when
there is no hair left and it will surely be
the height of the ear when they finish
how the curve of the
semicircle
this hairstyle can do it for
any type of hair that's why
I am recommending it serves for hair
smooth wavy Chinese and any kind of
long since babies who have hair
very short if you let yourself comb
and even if they have layers the amount of
leagues that we are going to put hold all
those layers of hair
here we are at the end of the hair of
what we had loose and now we're going to
add 4 or 5 more elastics that are going
to serve to form the tail of the
heart
if the hair is very short possibly
they only need 3 but in the end they will
measure one with another
we are going to perform the same procedure
on the left side and be careful of
put the same amount of leagues for
that the heart looks symmetrical you see
uniform
it is a hairstyle easy to do nothing more
it takes a little bit of time to place
the leagues but you'll see how good the
result
here we finished on the left side
and now we're going to release the hair that
we hold
give him a brush to match it and
later they will take both
extremes will measure if they already reach
join in the center to see if it's not
you need to add or remove links if you already
is ready, they are going to join with a league
of the same color
and ready they managed to form a very beautiful
heart that will look very much that apart
It is full of color
and that looks very cute in girls that
have a happy valentine's day
until next time